In een document vallen spelfouten altijd meer op dan denkfouten.
Nothing endures but change.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift: that's why they call it 'Present'.
Due to economic difficulties the light at the end of the tunnel has been shut down until further notice.
Reality: an illusion caused by lack of alcohol.
Vrienden: mensen die je goed kennen maar je toch aardig vinden.
Why do people with closed minds always open their mouths.
We adore chaos because we like to restore order.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
If there's a 50-50 chance that something can go wrong, then nine times out of ten it will.
In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
A wrong decision is not forever; it can always be reversed. The losses from a delayed decision are forever; they can never be retrieved.
Anyone with money to burn will always find himself surrounded by people with matches.
There's nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know.
Softwarebug: Undocumented application feature outside the functional requirements, due to a coding issue
Computers are machines to help you solve problems you wouldn’t have if you didn't have a computer.
I don't make mistakes, I limit myself to blunders.
The only useful work is working on making work redundant
Only those who think even crazier than the philosophers, can solve their problems.
Only wisdom knows no problems. Children don’t have problems because they’re wise.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
A computer always does what you tell it to do, seldomly what you want it to do.
Games don't affect kids. If Pacman had affected us as kids we'd be running around in dark rooms, munching pills and listening to repetitive music.
The day Microsoft makes something that doesn't suck is the day they start making vacuum cleaners.
Ware woorden zijn niet mooi, mooie woorden zijn niet waar.
Nothing is completely true, and not even that.
Het is beter een mijl te reizen dan duizend boeken te lezen.
Een reis van duizend mijlen begint met een enkele stap
De enige manier om een vriend te hebben is er een te zijn.
Een vriend is iemand die achter je rug om aardige dingen over je zegt.
Een ieder heeft recht op vrijheid van gedachte, geweten en godsdienst; dit recht omvat tevens de vrijheid om van godsdienst of overtuiging te veranderen (...)
De eerste dode in elke oorlog is het gezonde verstand.
Het doel van de oorlog is niet te sterven voor het vaderland, maar te zorgen dat de vijand voor het zijne sterft.
Je moet geen veelvoud aannemen zonder oorzaak.
Wat uitgelegd kan worden door de minste aannames, wordt niet méér uitgelegd door meer aannames.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
Without knowledge, skill cannot be focused. Without skill, strength cannot be brought to bear and without strength, knowledge may not be applied.
Fear is the true opiate of combat.
To a real warrior, power perceived may be power achieved.
Given enough time, any man may master the physical. With enough knowledge, any man may become wise. It is the true warrior who can master both....and surpass the result.
Act like a man of thought - Think like a man of action.
One mind, any weapon.
We do not rise to the level of our expectations. We fall to the level of our training.
I have a high art, I hurt with cruelty those who would damage me.
The test of a good teacher is not how many questions he can ask his pupils that they will answer readily, but how many questions he inspires them to ask him which he finds it hard to answer.
Some Warriors look fierce, but are mild. Some seem timid, but are vicious. Look beyond appearances; position yourself for the advantage.
Only a warrior chooses pacifism; others are condemned to it.
I dislike death, however, there are some things I dislike more than death. Therefore, there are times when I will not avoid danger.
Victory is reserved for those who are willing to pay it's price.
Mental bearing (calmness), not skill, is the sign of a matured samurai. A Samurai therefore should neither be pompous nor arrogant.
The flower of flowers is the Sakura - Cherry Blossom. The Samurai is the man among men.
War is not about who is right, it is about who is left.
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole body and soul can be a true master. For this reason, mastery demands all of a person.
One finds life through conquering the fear of death within one's mind. Empty the mind of all forms of attachment, make a go-for-broke charge and conquer the opponent with one decisive slash.
The undisturbed mind is like the calm body water reflecting the brilliance of the moon. Empty the mind and you will realize the undisturbed mind.
You might as well stand and fight because if you run,  you will only die tired.
It is easy to kill someone with a slash of a sword. It is hard to be impossible for others to cut down.
When the World is at Peace, a gentleman keeps his Sword by his side.
Master the divine techniques of the Art of Peace and no enemy will dare to challenge you.
In the beginners mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few.
To practice Zen or the Martial Arts, you must live intensely, wholeheartedly, without reserve - as if you might die in the next instant.
The Ultimate Warrior leaves no openings - Except in his mind.
The more you sweat in training, the less you will bleed in battle.
To think, "I will not think" - This, too, is something in one's thoughts. Simply do not think about not thinking at all.
Use your head, or somebody else might.
The dance of battle is always played to the same impatient rhythm. What begins in a surge of violent motion is always reduced to the perfectly still.
SHUCHU RYOKU - Focus all your energy to one point. (Shioda Gozo)
Ultimately, you must forget about technique. The further you progress, the fewer teachings there are. The Great Path is really NO PATH.
When you aim for perfection, you discover it's a moving target.
Victory goes to the one who has no thought of himself.
See first with your mind, then with your eyes, and finally with your body.
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself.
When the student is ready, the Master appears.
Be master OF mind rather than mastered BY mind.
Als je met een ernstig probleem geconfronteerd wordt, denk dan zeer goed na. Is er een oplossing, dan heeft het geen zin u op te winden. Is er geen oplossing, dan heeft het geen nut je op te winden.
Filosofie is tenslotte niet veel anders dan beroepsmatig twijfelen aan waarheden als koeien.
Het probleem van het antwoord is de vraag.
Pas als je tot over je oren in de soep zit, zie je overal gehaktballen om je heen drijven.
De enige plaats waar succes eerder komt dan werk is in het woordenboek.
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
There are more fools in the world than there are people.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Persistence is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired, you quit when the gorilla is tired.
